---
title: "Doctor Consortium/WACV 2019"
collection: talks
type: "Conference Proceedings Talk"
permalink: /talks/2019-01-08-wacv-phd
venue: "Winter Conference on the Applications of Computer Vision"
date: 2019-01-08
location: "Hawaii, USA"
---

Global Semantic Description of objects based on Prototype Theory.



## Doctoral Consortium Talk Details

**Date**:  January 8, 2019 <br />
**Oral Session**: PhD Forum (Lagoon Lanai) <br />
**Language**: English <br />
**Doctoral Thesis Title**: Global Semantic Description of objects based on Prototype Theory.<br />
**Advisor**  : [PhD. Mario F. M. Campos](https://dcc.ufmg.br/professor/mario-fernando-montenegro-campos/)  <br />
**Co-Advisor**: [PhD. Erickson Rangel do Nascimento](https://dcc.ufmg.br/professor/erickson-rangel-do-nascimento/)  <br />
**WACV-Mentor**: [Terrance Boult](https://eas.uccs.edu/cs/about/faculty/terrance-boult)

**Summary**: 
  - Presented the main contributions of the doctoral research on semantic description of objects using Prototype Theory and convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Introduced a novel prototype-based semantic descriptor and its applications for semantic classification and clustering.
  - Participated in discussions with academic mentors and peers, enhancing the dissertation's scope and implementation through collaborative feedback.
  - Focused on bridging cognitive semantics and machine learning to improve image classification and object recognition systems.


**Event Details​**: The Doctoral Consortium was held in person at WACV 2019 and included a poster session where each PhD student presented the main contributions of their thesis research. Each student was paired with a senior researcher (the mentor) to discuss their research and career goals.

**Venue**:  <br />
<i> Hilton Waikoloa Village Resort,  <br />
69-425 Waikōloa Beach Dr, Waikoloa Village, <br />
Hawaii 96738, United States </i>

### Talk Resources
----
[Abstract](/files/pdf/research/Doctor_Consortium_for_WACV2019_vidal.pdf) |
[Poster](/files/pdf/talks/WACV19_GSDP-posterMC_PHd.pdf)|
[WACV Program](/files/pdf/talks/WACV19_Pocket_Guide.pdf)|
[Project Page](https://www.verlab.dcc.ufmg.br/global-semantic-description/)